So when you,
you took the pictures that was you in between the second and third fight.
Is the bright before the third fight I was waiting at, it was the King's cup.
So it was the King's birthday. Yeah. It's yeah. So that's that's actually. Yeah.
And you can see my ankle and it actually went underneath my toes.
And this was before it was a fight. Again, both legs.
Were like that. Yeah. Both were like.
This and you have to fight again. Yeah.
So do you know what Amanda Johnson that's him rubbing me.
And so he tried to give me the tie they gave you the pre-fight massage with the
time limit. He couldn't touch me. It was so bad.
Did you fight like this? I don't know, but that is so insane.
Your legs are so banged up. The fact that you fought. Yeah.
Yeah. And so like mentally, I was just like, wow, this is, this is,
this is happening. This is, um, I'm going to do this and I'd look at my legs.
Okay. Okay. This is happening. This is, this is okay. And.
Yeah, no. Once he started fighting, what did you feel? I don't think about that.
Sometimes you get kicked in and it gets, it goes through,
like it gets through here for shield, you know, like you kind of put up this,
like, I don't know when I fight, it's like I'm fighting and the thing, you know,
it's a poor shield in a sense, you know? Um, and uh,
sometimes if it hurts enough, like when I got my ribs cracked,
I felt that right. Like it went through and they like disrupted my force shield.
And so sometimes that's something we'll go through like a good, solid kick.
So my forced shield.
Activate your attitude. Your mindset is like, you're fighting. You're,
you're ready to accept all sorts of.
Yeah. Like I could die or even harder.
I could kill someone.
Do you think it'd be harder to kill someone than to die? So.
Yeah. Yeah. Because then you think about their loved ones.
So think about all the people that loved you. We fight.
Think about all the people that love you. Right. And so when we fight,
I didn't, I didn't break any rules, but I killed you. Right.
Think about all your loved ones, everybody that loves you.
That's attached to you think about that. All that pain
because of what I did to you. Right. Even though I didn't break any rules.
Have you ever been in a promotion where someone died.
But that's heavy, right? Yeah. And I don't,
I think probably why a lot of fighters
I have noticed, like, there's, there's,
I don't think the majority of fighters, um,
look at what they do with the gravity that,
that it deserves, you know, like you could kill somebody.
Like, you need to think about that and be okay with that. Not okay.
But just understand like, all right, that could happen.
And I'm going to be calm, consciously knowing this and choosing to go forward,
they just think, oh, I'm going to fight it. It'll be fun. It'll, you know,
whatever. Or it'll be hard or I'm gonna like, whatever,
they don't think about these things.
It's just something that you thought about when you were young.
Yeah. Before I really got into it.
So you, this is, uh,
something you've been contemplating even before you started fighting,
you are aware of all the possibilities. Yeah.
Aye. Okay. All right. I'll say it. So I was, um,
it was about 28, I think.
And I don't think I had my pro boxing debut yet
and I took some mushrooms and I was thinking
somewhere along the trip, I started thinking about fighting.
And I started thinking about like, what could happen to me.
And I think it's I thinking about the death of me.
And then I started thinking about what could happen to my opponent.
Like what's worse than that. And I thought about, I could see,
like somebody had a fight and I saw all the, like,
like lines of gold thread attached into them, like, uh,
from their loved ones.
And then all the lines got snipped when they died. Yeah. I saw this one,
this mushroom trip. And I was just like. And so then when I decided to fight,
there's more intent, you know,
and more commitment and more resolve.
That's heavy. Yeah. Yeah. But that is what it is. Right.
And that's where the, I think real, there's more power.
To people that have never fought for. And people that don't understand fighting,
they did this. I don't get the appeal. I dunno why you watch it.
That the reason that Pete, one of the reasons there's many reasons,
but one of the reasons why people enjoy participating in it so much is because
there's so much risk and it's so dangerous and it's so difficult.
So unbelievably difficult to prepare, unbelievably difficult,
to put yourself in the proper mind state, especially to be a champion,
to beat the best of the best and to get to the top of the heap that
once you do succeed,
like explain that feeling to people,
explain that feeling when they raise your hand and put that belt around your
waist. And the crowd is cheering.
I'm kind of weird because I actually get depressed. You get depressed.
You get depressed when you win.
Uh, at times. Yeah. Or, or I'm just,
I think for me,
what I've come to realize about myself is that it's about authentically
expressing myself in the moment. And I think with a lot of my fights,
I wasn't being honest.
I didn't take my heart and cut it open and pour it out on the mat or the canvas.
I played it safe. I didn't go in for the knockout.
I didn't slip a punch in counter and get inside.
I stayed outside or when I was inside, I would clinch up an elbow and knee,
you know? So, um,
for me it hurts when I'm being inauthentic. And I know that
with pretty much all of my, my high fights, I wasn't.
But is that the case or is it you being hyper critical of
yourself?
Always. He always said so I've, I've actually, you just said, carry it on.
And he can attest to this. I've I've come out of fights and,
and won the world title and done a great job.
And I go into the gym the next week and it curing, this was stupid.
I looked stupid. I didn't do this. Right. This is up.
I can't fight like that again. Like we got to fix that. And I was just like.
That. That's what makes a champion though. Yeah.
But mine was unhealthy. So mine was more, I think,
I think I'm more of a champion now than I ever was when I was
actively fighting. And when I was, um,
I was
trying to be good enough instead of just focusing on
how do I say this? My, my,
my pursuit of world titles. Wasn't wasn't about it. It was, uh,
in a defense of something that was told to me when I was growing up.
So it was like I'm world champion.
So you can't tell that's not true because I'm a world champion. Right.
That's what that was about for me.
So it was about making up for a lack of love, a lack of appreciation.
Yeah. Lack of like, I'm not good enough.
So I'm gonna win this world title and prove that I am good enough. So F you,
and that's not a pure place to express yourself from. Right. You know,
like now, um,
I'm more of a martial artists than I've ever been,
and I'm more of a teacher and a student than I've ever been.
And I'm more of a champion than I've ever been. How.
Are you more of a champion than you've ever been? It's.
The way, uh, my outlook and the way, uh,
I learn the way I attack new information, the way, how malleable I am,
um, uh, how quickly I take things on,
you know, how driven, you know, it's easy to be.
It's a lot easier to be championed when you have the six pack and the muscles
and the youth and the, everything the back that up.
But when you have those things taken away from you, then what is it champion?
What is it without those things? It's your hearts, your desire,
it's your resolve? It's your mind.
But using this expression champion, like what, what, why, why champion?
Because you're,
if you're a champion you're competing against someone to become a champion,
that's a mixing chance, right?
So you have better.
Mastery.
Over the things that you feel held you back and limited your potential when
you actually were a world champion. Kickboxer.
And so now it's more about that expression.
You're more balanced person. Yeah.
Definitely. And now it's the pursuit of self-expression and it's the pursuit of
authenticity. Um,
and like finding that moment to ride the Razor's edge instead of playing it safe
and staying outside, but not having a satisfying fight. Yeah. You know.
Even though you won not having satisfying fights because you could feel the
flaws.
Yeah. Well, I could just feel how I was holding back. Right. And it's like,
you can feel when you're in the zone and you go for it a hundred percent
commitment and you're just in it, you know, you're in it. And so.
What fights have you had where you really felt satisfied?
Uh,
I would say the fight after I fought Julie. Yeah.
She she's went up kitchen. Yeah. I went up and wait to fight her. She, she,
um, uh, went up to one 40, it was a champion, a champion. She had 58 fights.
I think 14 world titles.
I had 14 fights at the time and six world titles,
I think. And, um.
That's pretty crazy. 14 fights. Six world titles. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Karen and said that you were the most talented person he's ever worked with.
I would agree. I would. I would, because it's so.
High praise Kevin's. I mean, that's really,
it's amazing stuff.
Well, I'm malleable and I'm really dry. Like I'm like, no, that's not right.
Do it again. That doesn't feel right. Do it again. What do I,
what are you doing? What am I doing? What does it look like?
What should it feel like? Where's my pressure. Where's the leverage was this,
you know, like, I'm like, I'm like that, you know? No, it's not right.
Let's do it again. Oh, that was perfect. But let's move on to the next thing.
And this sort of level of dissatisfaction with your performance as though don't
you think that that's ultimately,
what makes you such a champion in the first place?
Like you Alexander Gustafson put it best once when he was talking about one of
his training camps, he's like, this is the life of a professional athlete.
You're just never satisfied. He's if you achieve,
if you want to achieve greatness, you're never satisfied. Yeah.
No, I agree. But not with the way I was doing it.
So you were doing it, but you were doing it in a manic almost unhealthy way.
Yeah. Like I could never just give myself that. Right. I've never like, alright,
that was great. This needs adjustments. All right. So here's the game plan,
you know, like, oh, here, you know, you did this, this was an accomplishment,
uh, or, you know, you, you conquered this, you took on this new skill.
All right. Let's give yourself that credit. Right. It's never good enough.
Never good enough. Never, never good enough.
But is that never good enough fuel? Like,
is that thought like you never good enough? Never good enough.
It is. Right. But it's not, there's, there's,
there's much more environmentally friendly, fuel.
Like this is like con pollutants.
Yeah. And as far as your life goes, right? Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Now, so, um, I am working with,
I am back at CSA working with carrion, you know, but I told him, um,
for more Tai,
I actually told Dave and Kurian us, or did I kill it carrion?
Well, I guess I'm telling them now, if I were having a boy tie fight,
obviously I'm not gonna, you know, I would,
I wouldn't be with anybody else. Like he's,
that's where the success has been. That's where the formula works.
I'm not going to change that. But, um, now I'm also over at, uh,
gorilla jujitsu with Dave Camarillo. And so,
oh my God genius. Whole Jedi Knight, dude. Yeah. He's a Jedi Knight.
Holy. Yeah. He's amazing. He's amazing. Um,
but now I get to learn from him.